(siren wailing)
(indistinct radio chatter)
DEPUTY GRIFFIN: Hello?
(dramatic music playing)
♪
Griffin here.
Found a van up on
Black Creek Road.
Looks like it was used
to transport a lot of folks.
License plate, 5-David-Mary
King-6-Xray.
No individuals on scene,
but I do see evidence of injury.
(shouts):
Anybody out here?
Kerr County Sheriff!
(muffled):
We will help you!
-Oh...
-GRIFFIN: (faint): Hello!
(indistinct radio chatter)
Alright, I'm gonna make a loop,
see what I can see.
♪
(grunts)
(siren chirps)
Hey... Hey.
(Manuel yells in Spanish)
-(cocks gun)
-(continues in Spanish)
Find a guy in the snow,
you don't think to frisk him.
We frisked you.
(Manuel speaking Spanish)
-(static on radio)
-Oye!
Hey, pal?
I don't think you're gonna
get much reception on that
for quite a while.
You know what I mean?
-(gun cocks)
-(speaks Spanish)
(speaking Spanish)
I know. You're pissed about
that whole hot poker thing.
I totally get it.
But look, what you have
going on here,
that's between you and them.
Not my problemo.
I'm gonna make
a little donation
to your health fund
and be on my way.
You can keep the blanket.
(speaking Spanish)
OWEN:
I was never here.
I never saw anything.
(Manuel screaming in pain)
(grunts)
Elena, would you
get me a rope, please?
You're a really
good actor, Owen.
Maybe I'll try that next.
(man speaking Spanish
over radio)
MAN (over radio): Manuel?
What are they saying?
They're coming for us.
They know where we are.
(theme music plays)
("Dreaming"
by Al Bowlly playing)
(sighs)
-(dishes clattering)
-TK: Hello?
♪ When I'm alone
and I'm dreaming ♪
♪ After the long day is done
♪ Memories of
past happy hours ♪
♪ Bring hope of new joys...
Mom?
Hey, honey.
Have you seen
my slow tea infuser?
Can't find it anywhere.
The otter one?
It's a sloth.
Buttercup ate it.
He did? That rascal.
Hey, uh, where's Dad?
I have no idea.
Work, probably.
No, he...
Ah, the storm must have passed.
(high-pitched trilling)
You hear that?
Hear what?
Nothing, I guess.
MOM: Sit down.
Have some tea.
So... when did you get in?
Just now. I flew in
as soon as I heard
about your latest little stint
in the hospital.
You know you're in there
so often, you oughta enroll
in some sort of rewards program.
-I was in the hospital?
-You don't remember?
Not really.
Hey, did you bring the baby?
Not this time.
Jonah's back
in New York with Enzo.
That's too bad.
So what's he getting
into lately?
Jonah, not Enzo.
-Strained pears.
-Hmm.
And he recently discovered
his reflection.
So that's all
the rage right now.
Well, at least he's adorable,
so he's got that going for him.
That's because he takes
after his big brother.
Hey, are we gonna
make cookies?
-Cookies.
-Mm-hmm.
Remember how much fun we had
making them when I was little?
Of course, I remember.
(high-pitched trilling)
What is that?
(groans)
(trilling continues)
-MOM: Honey.
-You hear that, right?
Sweetheart.
But right now,
you need to fight.
Fight who?
-(trilling continues)
-(groaning)
(steady beeping)
Start pushing Epi.
-Get a crash cart in here now.
-Right away.
Whoa, whoa, wait,
what's going on?
DR. PATEL:
His heart rate's too slow.
He's severely bradycardic.
What does that mean?
Is he gonna be okay?
Sir, you should
step out and let us work.
If he goes into asystole,
get ready to cardiovert.
(continues, indistinct)
(steady beep)
How bad is it?
Bad.
I mean, we won't
know how bad
until the doctors are done
running some more tests.
But it's pretty clear
where this is headed.
Well, you don't know
till you know.
And you gotta keep
the faith, Tommy.
Hmm.
With God, all things.
Right.
You're right.
You're right,
and I'm, I'm trying.
I am, but...
yeah.
Keepin' the faith.
Wow, I don't think I've ever
heard the call center
being this quiet.
-Me either.
-Mm.
But cell service is down
across most of the state.
So, this is the sound
of people needing help
and not being able to get it.
That's not a very peaceful
thought, is it?
GRACE: No, it's not, actually.
Tell me what you're doing here.
You should go home
and hug your kids.
How can I, Grace?
When because of me,
someone's kid is dying
in a hospital bed right now.
Because of you...
a little boy gets to go home,
hug his mom.
-You saved him.
-Mm-mm, no.
TK saved him.
And I never should've
let him go in there.
We should have
waited for backup.
You and I both know
no backup was comin'.
Well, if anyone should have
gone into that pond,
it should have been me.
You, with all the ice rescues
you've performed over the years?
That doesn't matter.
I was his captain.
You still are his captain.
If you gave TK
a choice right now,
his life or that little boy's,
he would do the same thing
a thousand times over
to keep that family whole.
Now how am I
supposed to face Owen
when he walks through
those hospital doors, Gracie?
Has anyone
been able to reach him?
TOMMY:
Everything's been
going to voice mail.
Like you said,
the phones are down.
He was there for me
on the worst day of my life.
And you're gonna
be there for him.
Yeah, the only difference
is that...
I caused his.
(wind gusting)
Huh? Huh?
Morning, sunshine.
You don't look like
you have a concussion,
but if your forehead
feels anything like mine, good.
Some agua?
We got a long journey
ahead of us.
Probably best to hydrate.
Suit yourself.
All right, everybody, let's go!
(Elene groans)
We have a problem here.
He lost his shoes
in the accident.
Now he has frostbite.
He can't walk.
Okay. Um, have some of the men
come help me with this.
Muchachos.
(speaking Spanish)
Oye! What are you
gonna do with that?
Gonna use it as a sled...
One, two, three.
...for anybody who can't walk.
You know, this guy's
cartel friends
are on their way here
as we speak.
They catch us, they kill us.
Or worse.
All the reason we can't
stand around and argue about it.
I hate to say this,
but he's gonna slow us down.
We can't save everybody.
Yeah, it's a lesson
I never seem to learn.
We're not leaving
anybody behind.
Even him, huh?
I'm not leaving him here to die.
Also, he knows
where the cabin is.
Another reason
to keep him with us.
Elena! (speaking Spanish)
OWEN:
Hey, you even know
where you're going?
I got food, heat, water,
less than two miles to my cabin.
Francisco, considera.
It won't matter...
not if the cartel hunts you down
before you get there.
Buena suerte, amigos.
Dios te bendiga.
JUDD: Strickland,
is that you under there
under all them blankets?
-I can't tell.
-(laughs)
Hey, seriously, did you
save any for the maternity ward?
Man, shut up and get in here.
Ohh!
JUDD: How you feelin'?
Well, my core temp's
still a balmy 90 degrees,
but the doc said I'm not gonna
lose any fingers or toes,
so I got that going for me.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, your turnout's
in the cabinet over there.
All right. Thanks for
looking after it for me.
Appreciate the loaner.
-Oh, boy.
-(Paul chuckles)
No, but seriously, uh...
(sighs)
...thank you, guys,
for saving me out there.
For digging me
out of all that concrete
and steel and ice.
And rebar. Turns out
gyms have a lot of rebar.
Okay, then, that too.
No, but I knew if anybody was
gonna come through that wall,
it was gonna be my boys
from the 126.
It's because you know how we do.
I do.
I love you guys.
I-I mean that.
We should probably
hug again, huh?
-(laughter)
-JUDD: Nah, hey...
(clears throat)
...we love you, too.
I love you, bro.
(thumps chest)
Alright, stop.
Whatever, man.
Hey, so what happened
with Marjan?
Did she get Cap to finally sign
that apology letter to Billy?
Remains to be seen.
Oh, is he still being stubborn?
No, we just ain't
heard from her.
-PAUL: Really?
-Yeah.
Feels like she would have
checked in by now.
Cell service is out.
I mean, I'm sure her and Cap
are riding out the storm
together right now.
JUDD: God help the man
if he don't sign that letter
before he walks out of there.
Knowing Marj,
if he doesn't sign,
he's not walking out at all.
(laughter)
-Pow!
-Right in the kisser!
-(knock on door)
-Everybody decent?
Honey, you didn't
even give him
a chance to answer.
COLE: Neither did you, dear.
All right,
please forgive my husband.
He's a little overeager today.
No worries, ma'am.
It's nice to see
you guys in here.
COLE: Good to see you.
You guys are so embarrassing!
Sorry, Paul, my parents insisted
on bringing by
a few gifts to thank you.
Nah, it's okay.
Guys, you-you really
didn't have to do all this.
COLE: Please.
You saved our daughter's life.
It's the least we could do.
Here, open this one first.
-It is a lambswool throw.
-Oh.
Spoiler alert.
COLE: What?
He's recovering
from hypothermia.
He can open his Rolexes later.
Uh, did he just say
Rolexes with an "S"?
-COLE: Try this.
-Yeah, I think he did.
COLE:
This is the warmest blanket
this side
of the Siberian tundra.
Oh, my God, Dad.
Again, Paul, I'm so sorry.
-It's...
-COLE: You don't like it?
Is it the color?
If you don't like the color,
we can get you a new one
on special order.
MATEO:
Just say you like it, Paul,
that way they don't
have to kill another lamb.
-It's good.
-No, they don't
have to kill a lamb,
they just shave it bare.
MATEO:
Oh, then it's good then.
Oh, soft...
Seriously, it's
a very lovely blanket, but...
You're too generous.
COLE: No, we're just
getting started.
Would you like a Maserati?
(Mateo and Judd laughing)
Maserati.
(laughing continues)
Wait, I'm sorry, what?
A car, I'd like
to get you a car.
Unless you'd prefer a truck.
What...
No... No, no.
I couldn't possibly accept it.
That's too much.
I could. You know,
we were at the rescue too.
Lindsey, remember us?
We were the ones
with the jackhammers?
Oh, forgive me,
let me get your names.
-Matteo Chavez. C-H-A-V--
-We're okay.
Actually, we're all right.
Thank you very much, but, uh,
the reward of being
a firefighter's
in the job itself.
COLE: I respect that.
I feel the same way
about my work.
-What's your line of work?
-Milk cartons.
What, you could afford
all this swag
from selling milk?
Not the milk.
Just the cartons.
-Milk cartons.
-Wow.
JUDD: What a world.
MATEO: Wow.
(laughter)
(wind gusting)
OWEN:
Just a little bit further.
Almost there.
ELENA:
Why are you doing this?
OWEN: What?
Helping us?
You helped me first.
(groans sharply)
Come on.
Let's get him over there.
(Elena speaking Spanish)
(speaking Spanish)
All right, let's go!
(wind whistling)
(siren chirps)
Oh! Gracias a Dios.
Hey!
I need help!
I-I need help!
GRIFFIN: Just relax!
Were you in that van
I found up the road?
FRANCISCO: Sí.
There was an accident.
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Everything's gonna be just fine.
Back of my cruiser's
nice and warm.
Oh, thank you.
MAN (over radio): Oye.
Manuel said the cargo
is hiding in a barn
on Farm Road 296.
Wish you hadn't had heard that.
(gunshot)
(panting)
-(Marjan gasps)
-GRIFFIN: Hey!
(tense music playing)
♪
(panting)
(ticking)
We got pretzels,
chocolate chips,
shredded coconuts,
walnuts, and candied pecans.
The only thing missing
is the secret ingredient,
you remember?
-Love?
-Toffee.
Close though.
I don't think
we have any toffee.
Of course, we do.
It's in your hand.
Ugh, man, I'm such
a space cadet today.
Here you go.
Time to roll the dough.
I miss this. You and me.
Me too.
Too bad it can't last.
Wha... What? Why not?
'Cause nothing does.
Like my little boy
who couldn't reach
the countertop.
I swear, all I did was blink.
I'll always be
that little boy, Mom.
I mean, I still am.
That's very sweet.
But we can't stay here forever.
Why not? This is perfect.
And perfect things
should last forever.
(sighs)
-We almost had it again,
didn't we?
-What's that?
A family.
Family is not always the picture
that comes with the frame, TK.
But you are surrounded by love.
And you always will be.
No matter what choice you make.
Why do I have to choose?
MOM:
Because no one else can.
(ticking)
(inhales and exhales deeply)
(timer clicks)
My sweet boy.
(timer ticking)
-You can't stop time.
-(timer dings)
See what I mean?
Why did it go off before
we even put the cookies in?
This... this makes no sense.
-Some things don't.
-Wait, wait, wait.
Can we please have
a little more time, Mom?
Okay.
But the longer you stay here,
the harder it is to get back.
I understand.
Good.
(turns on timer)
Then let's get these cookies
in the oven!
(ticking)
(monitor beeping)
-(radio clicks)
-GRIFFIN: Manuel was right.
I just checked the barn,
nobody was there.
Looks like they had
a fire going,
embers were still warm.
That many folks
out in this weather,
they couldn't have gotten far.
I'll find 'em.
Then it's just a matter of me
cleaning up
a couple of loose ends
and we'll be good to go.
-Out.
-(radio clicks)
♪
(panting)
-Please work.
-(line ringing)
OWEN (over voicemail):
You've reached Owen Strand.
I'm confident
you know how to do this.
-(beeps)
-Hey. Pick up.
It's... it's Marwani.
I was, I was in an accident
and... and I was...
I was walking up to the road
and I saw a cop shoot somebody,
an unarmed man, in cold blood.
He saw me, so he's probably
looking for me right now.
I'm on my way to you,
but in case I don't make it,
-he's a Kerr County Sheriff.
-(rustling)
Um, whatever you do, just...
just don't go near him.
(wind whistling)
(line beeps)
(sighs)
SADIE: You're back.
You brought friends?
They're not all friends.
-Tie him right there.
-What's going on?
Our patient we thought
was running from a coyote?
Turns out he is the coyote.
His cartel buddy is gonna
be out there looking for him.
I wanna get on the radio,
see if I can get help
up here a little quicker.
No, no, no, no.
Don't put his feet
that close to the fire,
it's not good for frostbite.
We'll heat up some water,
he can dip his feet in that.
(indistinct chatter)
Breaker, breaker, Kerrville,
this is K-5-M-C-G.
Repeat, call sign, K-5-M-C-G.
(click, static)
Kerrville come again.
Did not copy.
(radio static)
-Hey. Need a hand?
-With my empty Tupperware?
No, ma'am,
I think I can manage.
Thank you very much though.
You have a good night
and get some rest, okay?
Mm-hmm. Um,
something's about to happen.
Am I supposed to guess?
People are gonna
surprise you with gifts.
Well, not anymore, Bree.
I know, I just,
I didn't want
your water to break
because of the surprise.
I mean, I-I heard
that that can happen.
Mm-hmm. Well, you know what?
I appreciate you.
Thank you for
looking out for me.
-BREE: Mm-hmm.
-(chuckles)
ALL: Surprise!
Guys, wait, what's all this?
Oh, just a few little things.
-GRACE: Oh!
-We couldn't resist.
This is really sweet.
Thank you.
We know.
And if you wouldn't mind
going into labor on Saturday,
-we could split the pot.
-Oh, goodness.
Y'all have a baby pool on me?
Okay, that's tampering, Joel.
Besides, we all know
the smart money's on Thursday,
right, Grace?
Let's pump the brakes
because this due date
is not for another two weeks.
Please. She's related to you,
Miss Early To Everything.
Mm-mmm. No.
She is also related to Judd,
and that boy likes
to take his sweet time.
-Does he now?
-Tsk. Oh.
Okay, no more talking.
Just cupcakes
and stuffed animals.
(laughter)
(indistinct chatter)
-(wind gusting)
-(siren chirps)
(tense music playing)
(siren wails)
No, no, no, no, no, no.
(knocks on door)
(door opens)
-(door closes)
-Damn.
GRIFFIN:
Captain Owen Strand,
Austin FD.
-Retired.
-(Griffin chuckles)
Don't look retired, Captain.
How many you got here?
Uh, 12.
We've got quite a few injuries.
I was hoping that they'd send
at least one RA unit.
GRIFFIN: Yeah, resources
are stretched a bit thin
assisting actual taxpayers.
Well, I'm glad
they sent you anyway.
GRIFFIN: They didn't.
I followed y'all here.
Got a complaint from a rancher
about a pack of illegals
took up residence in his barn.
Somebody called that in?
That's right.
OWEN: Didn't look like
there was anybody home.
Why you got that one tied up?
OWEN: For his own safety.
♪
Well, it is impressive, captain.
I mean, you managing to
get these people all the way
from that barn to here,
and in this good a condition.
You're a regular
modern-day Moses.
Truth be told, they saved me.
Uh-huh.
I'm gonna go out
to my cruiser and see
if I get Border Patrol
-to send some vans up here.
-ELENA: No, please.
-No Border Patrol.
-Shh. It's okay. It's okay.
I haven't seen my sons
in almost 20 years.
I'm so close.
You can send me back,
but not before I see them.
I'm sorry, ma'am, not my call.
Look, Deputy, I know you've
gotta follow regulations,
and-and you should.
Maybe we could also call
a local advocacy group
to meet us at the hospital.
Us?
Yeah.
You know, I-I was gonna,
I was gonna ride with 'em,
if that's okay.
They really did save my life.
(speaking Spanish)
I'm gonna
need you to stop that
right now, amigo.
I'm feelin' a little
outnumbered right now,
and I would hate for
someone to get hurt.
-Comprende?
-OWEN: Deputy...
these people
are no threat to you.
Captain Strand, I know
that you feel obligated...
but you've done enough.
I'm gonna suggest
that you allow the folk
who are equipped
to handle this,
handle it, okay?
Sure.
MAN (over radio):
Call sign 5-K-M-C-G.
This is 5-K-A-A-L Kerrville.
Captain Strand, do you copy?
Sadie.
SADIE: It's Kerrville.
They're calling us back.
GRIFFIN: Ma'am, please stop.
Do as he says.
All right,
everyone on the ground.
Now, on your bellies!
Oh, God. Oh, God.
-GRIFFIN: Vamanos, andale!
-(Elena speaking Spanish)
-SADIE: What's happening?
-He works for the cartel.
Uh, more of
a private contractor.
You know how to handle
zip ties, don't you?
You too. Move!
I want their hands
behind their backs.
Now.
Oye! Griffin here.
You got those vans?
MARJAN: Come on. Come on.
Here we go.
(grunts) Crap.
Come on, let's hurry it up.
So what happens now?
(static over radio)
MAN (over radio):
Captain Strand, do you copy?
Now we're gonna wait
for transport to arrive
and take these nice folks
to an egg farm
or a concrete mixing plant,
or wherever the hell else
they're gonna pay off
their debts.
Some of these people
are injured.
They're not fit to travel.
Well, I always expect
to lose a little product
in transit, Captain.
♪
Bismillah.
What about us?
Well, that's tragic.
But it's really your fault,
ain't it, Captain?
(gun clicks)
(siren wailing)
What the hell?
-Who's out there?
-I have no idea.
You and I are gonna go out there
right now and find out.
You're gonna keep doing
what you're doing.
Anyone tries to go out
that door, they get a bullet.
Are we clear?
Yeah, clear.
Let's go.
(wailing continues)
(door closes)
Who else is here?
I don't know.
GRIFFIN:
I want you to walk out there
and kill those sirens.
The switch is right underneath
the steering column.
Go.
(wailing continues)
♪ Just runnin' scared
♪ Each place we go
(wailing stops)
♪ So afraid...
All right!
Whoever else is out here,
you need to show yourself!
♪ ...that he might show
(rattling)
♪ Yeah, runnin' scared
♪ What would I do?
♪ Which one
would you choose? ♪
GRIFFIN:
Get your ass back here!
♪ He was standing there
♪ My heart was breaking
♪ Which one would it be?
♪ You turned around
♪ And walked away with me
(explosion)
(grunting)
GRIFFIN:
Aah! Aah!
(Elena grunts)
-Gracias.
-You're welcome.
-What the hell happened?
-Marwani.
What's a Marwani?
That is a Marwani.
Marjan Marwani, my friend,
a big-time badass.
So I gathered.
I learned from the best... Cap.
GRACE:
♪ This little light of mine
♪ I'm gonna let it shine
(hums)
Oh. (sighs)
(knock on door)
Thank you, Lord.
(sighs)
Hi, Grace.
-Judd's not here, Billy.
-BILLY: I'm aware.
Which is why I am.
You mind if I step inside?
Feel like I might be getting
frostbite on my earlobes.
You ain't gonna find it
much warmer in here.
BILLY:
I, uh, I brought
some sandwiches
from that deli on Duval,
about the only place
left open in town.
Sorry, only kinda cheese
they had left was Muenster.
What are you doing here, Billy?
I've been trying
to get ahold of Judd
and he won't take my calls.
And?
And it's a matter
of some consequence.
Captain Carter
over at the 125 is moving on.
I want Judd in the running
to take his place as captain.
Hmm. (scoffs)
Well, that's quite
an offer, Billy.
An offer that comes
with a big-ass raise.
Which I'm sure
a growing family like yours
could put to good use.
Yeah, we could, huh?
Let me ask you something, Billy.
Did you think that
you could just come in here
with 30 pieces of silver
and buy my husband's soul?
It's not silver, it's Muenster.
Okay...
look, I understand that...
all feelings
are a little raw right now.
Okay, but I'm not trying
to buy him out...
-Huh.
-I...
I'm trying to get
the best man for the job.
And, okay, yeah, sue me
if I'd like to get
my best friend back, too.
Billy, you destroyed
that friendship
when you destroyed the 126.
I didn't destroy anything.
-An arsonist did. Okay?
-You did.
Place was burned down
to the studs.
The department
would have gone bankrupt
trying to rebuild that, so...
Billy, I read that there are
two reasons we do anything.
There's a good reason,
and then there's the real one.
So how about you just admit it?
When you saw a chance to shutter
that place permanently,
you couldn't resist.
You couldn't stand
to see that house
thrive under Captain Strand.
Billy, I don't wanna think about
what your 126 brothers would say
if they could see you right now.
I hope you think
about it, though.
And I hope
it keeps you up at night
the way losing the 126
kept my husband
up at night, Billy!
He thinks I don't know,
but I do.
And, damn it, Billy...
(sighs)
I promised him
that I would stay relaxed,
and I'm not feeling
so relaxed right now,
so how about you get
your sandwich and you get out?
(exhales)
-Grace--
-Billy...
I said get out of my house!
I believe your water just broke.
(Grace gasps)
-What am I supposed
to tell my husband?
-It wasn't me?
(sirens wailing)
Alright, sir.
Watch your head.
Thanks. We'll contact you if we
have any further questions.
Captain Strand,
is the office or the cell
the best number to reach you?
For the foreseeable future,
cell.
Assuming we ever get
any reception back.
MARJAN:
So what happens to them?
(siren wails)
It's not up to us.
Now, I'm confused.
About what?
Why won't you sign
that letter of apology?
I mean, is it an ego thing,
is it a guy thing?
I mean, it seems like
everybody thought this guy
Bobby had it coming,
so you're just
gonna let him win?
First of all, it's Billy.
And really, Marjan?
What?
Just getting another opinion.
That's not another opinion.
That's your opinion.
(car door closes)
-Marcos?
-MARCOS: Mom?
-(Elena crying)
-Mom!
ELENA:
Aye, Dios mio. Mijitos!
SADIE: Her sons.
She told me she hasn't
seen them in over 20 years.
(Elena crying, laughing)
(Elena continues crying)
It's amazing
what can happen
when a family never stops
fighting for each other.
That was subtle.
(light music playing)
(Grace sighs)
GRACE: Oh, come on.
Lord, please,
I just need one bar
to call my husband,
please, Lord.
Ah, well, the cell towers
are down all across the city.
Billy, why are you here still?
Uh, your water just broke?
-We've gotta
get you to the hospital.
-No.
There is no we. Do you wanna
make yourself useful?
Go down to the 122 station house
and please tell my husband
to meet me at the hospital.
BILLY: How are you
planning on gettin' there?
I've been driving
since I was 16, Billy.
I think I got it.
You're gonna drive yourself,
in this weather?
GRACE: Okay.
-Grace--
-(groans)
At least take
a sandwich with you.
GRACE: I hate Muenster.
(wind whistling)
BILLY: Hey, Grace.
Would you just
hang on a damn minute?
Think about
what you're doing, okay?
GRACE:
Billy, close that door.
You're officially
trespassing now.
Grace, you're in
active labor, okay?
You can't be driving yourself
to the hospital.
Watch me.
This thing even have
four-wheel drive?
Look, my truck's right there.
Billy, I wouldn't
get in your truck
if it was the last ride
out of hell.
Now you might wanna step back.
You think I'm gonna tell Judd
I let you roll solo
into a damned white-out?
GRACE:
What are you doing?
You ain't the only crazy one.
You're driving,
I'm riding shotgun.
WOMAN (over radio):
And bundle up, Austin.
No matter how frosty it gets,
we keep it hot on 97.1.
-(Marjan clicks tongue)
-Up next, the OG
heartbreaker himself.
-So how do you wanna do this?
-Do what?
We could drive straight
to headquarters
and you can deliver
your letter of apology
to Billy and be reinstated,
or we could drop
the doggy home first.
What makes you think
I'm going back?
Well, because we're going back,
for instance?
No, no, no.
You're going back.
But you packed up
all your stuff.
Yes, because I need
to stay mobile,
but I don't know
what I'm doing yet,
except giving you
a ride back to town.
Ah. That's it?
You helped me out.
I'm very appreciative.
And I'm gonna make sure
you get home safely.
Hmm. And by "helped you,"
you mean saved you
from being murdered?
Yeah.
Hmm.
In which case,
I think you owe me
more than just a ride.
Cap, you need to sign
that damn apology letter
so that you can become
our cap again,
like we talked about.
Like you talked about.
I didn't say anything except no.
Pretty sure I said no.
Oh, my God.
You are so stubborn.
The universe
is shouting in your ear
and you can't hear a thing.
Well, I hear something.
I hear Tom.
("Breakdown"
by Tom Petty playing)
Ugh!
(Owen singing along):
♪ It's all right
if you love me ♪
if you don't ♪
(both singing along):
♪ I'm not afraid of you
runnin' away, honey ♪
♪ I get the feeling
you won't ♪
♪ I say there is no sense
in pretending ♪
♪ Your eyes give you away
♪ Well, something inside you
is feeling like I do ♪
♪ We said all there is to say
♪ Baby, breakdown
♪ Go ahead and give it to me
♪ Breakdown, honey
♪ Take me through the night
♪ Breakdown
♪ Breakdown,
now I'm standin' here ♪
♪ Can't you see?
(vocalizing)
♪ Breakdown, it's all right
-♪ It's all right
-(vocalizing)
♪ It's all right
MARJAN:
I'm still mad at you.
DR. PATEL:
We managed to get his heart
back into rhythm.
Okay, well, that's
good news, right?
DR. PATEL: But his body
is still not compensating.
Compensating for what?
TOMMY:
It means his vital signs
haven't returned to normal.
Yet.
DR. PATEL:
He's been through
a major trauma.
I'm afraid he's on the verge
of multi-system organ failure.
How do you stop that
from happening?
Unfortunately,
there's not much we can do
other than keep him sedated
at this point.
It gives his body
a chance to recover
without additional stress.
CARLOS:
Does that usually work...
for someone in his condition?
It can.
But realistically speaking,
what are we looking at here?
We're watching his labs closely,
but if they continue
trending down...
We could lose him.
DR. PATEL: I'm sorry
I don't have better news.
NANCY:
Tranquilo. Okay?
TOMMY: We're just...
We're just gonna
keep on praying, okay?
Yeah.
And one thing
we know about TK,
the kid does not know
how to stay down.
She's right about that.
I think I need
to get some fresh air.
-You want someone to come with?
-No.
I think I need to be alone...
for a minute. Thanks.
This sucks.
Yeah. Yeah, it really does.
BILLY:
Yeah, you might wanna
ease up just a skosh.
Conditions being what they are.
Billy, if you keep talking,
you're gonna be walking
in these conditions.
Reckon nobody likes
a backseat driver.
No. Be quiet!
BILLY: Uh...
What you said
about it chafing me to
watch Strand
run the 126 so well, I...
I suppose there's
some truth to that.
Well, at least
you can admit it, Billy.
BILLY: I do think about 'em.
Judd and...
all my fallen brothers
from the 126.
I see their faces every night.
Never stop thinking about 'em.
(winces, groans)
(shouting)
Hey, hey, hey. You okay?
-(groans)
-Here, squeeze my hand.
-Don't-don't touch me.
-Squeeze my hand.
Don't touch me, Billy.
Are we clear?
You are not a friend.
You are not family.
You are a man
who jumped in my car.
-Are we clear?
-Yeah.
(sighs)
What is this?
BILLY:
They look abandoned.
Folks must have bailed
when the storm hit.
Um, it's-it's okay.
-We can just double back,
take Mopac.
-Mm-mmm
BILLY:
Get to the hospital
from Birchwood.
That's gonna take
too long, Billy.
I'm going around.
-(thuds)
-Ah... (gasps)
Put it in reverse.
That's it, nice and easy.
Ugh! No.
Damn it!
(sighs)
We're stuck.
-(groans)
-(pounds steering wheel)
Captioned by Point.360